# big_salad_lotsofstuff_init
Wanna fire Mr. Peterman? Now's your chance. An employee list generator.

Abstract: I have been working with SQL for approximately seventy-two hours. I coded based on the wishing well app(Mr. Jefferson's South Park wishing tree has been in my head all day). I also went off of the Inquire raw list prompt I found approximately two Sundays ago when I coded all weekend, and reformatted it to Seinfeld. I know not as much about the SQL's yet. However, the amount of episodes I have memorized in my head is freakish. If SQL made a show about nothing that mentioned salsa and women who didn't swing their arms when they walked, I might have every component memorized. I can't connect the SQL things that need connecting yet. I think the S means server. I spent all of Monday doing all of the VS Code driving because I want to learn the things. Server query latoya? Landing? 
Programs/Systems Used: SQL Workbench, Vs Code(she did not code in the W3),Inquire, Inquire Prompt Module Raw List, Chrome, NBC. Btdubs, this repository has both JavaScript and SQL. There is no HTML. I have a speech prepared....please hold. I'd like to thank the baby Jesus...

Acknowledgments: Myself. I took out a Sallie Mae loan and chose this over the English PHD. I have no doubt that the PHD would have been easier. Also, I wear a mask when I go out. I'm a good sister. I return grocery store carts after I use them. When I've caught up on sleep and am able to digest this material, I will be unstoppable. Fun Fact: I met Mr. Peterman in the wild. He let me touch his hair, and he sounds exactly like Mr. Peterman. There is no difference. Jerome and Manuel, because I would work this hard at failing for no one else. Salud. 
